BUG: Fix wrong error in df drop with non unique datetime index and invalid keys (#30446)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`pandas.to_datetime` failing for `deques` when using ``cache=True`` (the default) (:issue:`29403`)
- Bug in :meth:`Series.item` with ``datetime64`` or ``timedelta64`` dtype, :meth:`DatetimeIndex.item`, and :meth:`TimedeltaIndex.item` returning an integer instead of a :class:`Timestamp` or :class:`Timedelta` (:issue:`30175`)
- Bug in :class:`DatetimeIndex` addition when adding a non-optimized :class:`DateOffset` incorrectly dropping timezone information (:issue:`30336`)

> - Bug in :meth:`pandas.core.indexes.base.Index.get_indexer_non_unique` missing condition on target.is_all_date before trying to convert target to asi8 values, which results in wrong error message when dropping with non-unique datetime index (:issue:`30399`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.drop` where attempting to drop non-existent values from a DatetimeIndex would yield a confusing error message (:issue:`30399`)
```
